Changelog: odahuflowctl local pack run changes info (#97)
odahu/odahu-docs: source/ref_changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

Odahu 1.4.0
--------------------------

Features:
""""""""""""

Updates:
""""""""""""

- CLI:

>     * We added ``odahuflowctl local pack run`` command's new option ``--disable-target`` that allows you disable targets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * We added ``--disable-target`` option for ``odahuflowctl local pack run`` command that allows you disable targets
```
Maybe changes stress a little but, for me, it's easier to read.

      which will be passed to packager process. You can use multiple options at once. For example:
      ``odahuflowctl local pack run ... --disable-target=docker-pull --disable-target=docker-push``.
    * ``odahuflowctl local pack run`` command's options ``--disable-package-targets/--no-disable-package-targets`` are
      deprecated.

>     * ``odahuflowctl local pack run`` behavior that implicitly disable all targets by default is deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * ``odahuflowctl local pack run`` behavior that implicitly disables all targets by default is deprecated.
```
